---
layout: post
title: Seasoned Code - A Blog
excerpt_separator:  <!--more-->
---

### The name

I had gone through a few iterations, but it came down to something simple. Seasoned Code is less about being experienced but more about combining the things that I enjoy. I like to develop software and I like to cook-- along with everything in between.

### Why?

It has been a while since I have had a blog. I have had one many years ago, but never stuck with it.

So, why now? Well, as I have mentioned in the About page, I have been working on a few side projects. One was a game, and then I found that through that game I needed a framework for it that does not currently exist for .Net Core. Also, as I have been working on that project I had started to write a log of what I was doing, just a simple text file, just composing my thoughts of what had transpired. It was, really, just for myself. So, what has changed? Well, I have a few interests that I would like to share, passions if you might say.

### Passion 1

I like to code, it is my job, but at the same time it is what makes me tick. I am always thinking about it. I would like to have a dialogue about the experiences I have on my side projects or the new tech stacks I try out.

In my career, I generally focus in the .Net arena. However, with a twist, I enjoy working with Open Source technologies, and to make software work in Linux, and that is what I do when I am not working on the job. This is why I am very excited about .Net Core and subsequently the .Net Standard.

### Passion 2

I love games, and for me, it's actually the act of creating them. Naturally, I have this need to output my creativity and often it comes out in the form of a game or to tell a story, whether it's a board or electronic.

### Passion 3

I have found that I enjoy cooking. In the grand scheme, this is more of a recent thing in my life (within the last 7-8 years of my life). Often, the dishes I prepare are vegetarian, not particularly vegan but often that is the outcome. With this blog, I would like to share some my experiences and dishes. I am in no way experienced in the art, but I enjoy doing it and maybe others do as well.

### Closing

That is all, for now, in fact. I have written this and I am still in the middle of setting up my website! However, I wanted to get something going.